well looks like YouTube has responded by
saying hmm basically nothing ya know
they said they talked a good talk in
that post but it doesn't even remotely
give you any specifics and even though i
do believe for that oh if i had a
hundred bucks on the line that post is
not proof enough for me and so again i'm
forced to ask why weren't they more
specific and again the same response is
money advertising revenue I do think
they're worried about it and when I made
my video i opine what would google think
about this while it turns out google has
a lot of experience at this only they
don't call it cheating they call it
click fraud here is an article on
cnnmoney.com entitled Google CFO Friday
big threat google exec calls click fraud
the biggest threat to the internet
economy and urges quick action well hey
problem solved wait a minute the day
that December second 2004 yeah pressure
is expected as much and actually I did
suspect as much cuz I'd forgotten that
I'd read about this a while back that's
a game we go back to my main man cringe
Lee on pbs.org the pulpit here he talks
about Google click fraud and gives
examples of someone who pointed out
fraud to google and while Google
admitted that there was something wrong
doing they were still investigating at
the time of that article the man had
gotten no refund of an estimated three
thousand plus fraudulent charges okay
and what is click fraud okay basically
it's similar to the YouTube cheating
except on Google it's based on their ads
and how many views their ads get
two types of frog one type of fraud is
done by people who gain something from
those clicks who are partners in revenue
and some of the good fraudulent clicks
because they get a percentage of all the
revenue earned by the splits and another
type of fraud is an attack basically
it's done by competitors of other
companies to exhaust their competitors
and revenue budgets like I said this has
been a problem since 2004 at least and
in fact it was such a problem that
Google got sued and in March of this
year paid out 90 million dollars in
refunds and some people estimate that
click fraud accounts for ten percent of
all and quits and those are the ones
that get through google claims to filter
out fraudulent clicks already how many
people throughout they're not saying
whether this bows good or bad for you
two it's still somewhat in question
though I think ultimately it bodes well
since it's such a common occurrence I
said google has so much experience with
this eventually they'll be all right
with the problem with this for me is
their lack of acknowledgement
and like I said it from a corporate
standpoint I totally get it but from a
community standpoint I liked and that is
the trick for YouTube to balance that
community aspect with their corporate
needs and for my money right now they're
not doing the best job
and that is the crux of that this is
ultimately a business and even though we
have made this a community and are
trying to make it a community it is
ultimately corporates and while deep
down the side I knew that it's easy to
forget now when confronted with a cold
hard corporate truth it's just a little
disappointing until next time thanks for
watching